docs: Add to CONTRIBUTING guide (#8628)
parse-community/parse-server: CONTRIBUTING.md

### Access Permissions

> *Can I get write access to the repository to make changes faster?*

Keeping our products safe and secure is one of your top priorities. Our security policy mandates that write access to repositories is only provided to as few people as necessary. All usual contributions can be made via public pull requests. If you think you need write access, contact the repository team and explain in detail what the containt is that you are trying to overcome. We want to make contributing for you as easy as possible. If there are any bottlenecks that are slowing you down we will be happy to look into it to improve your contribution experience.

### New Private Repository

> *Can I get a new private repository within the Parse Platform organization to work on some stuff?*

> Private repositories are not provided unless there is a significant constraint or requirement that makes it necessary. For example, when collaborating on fixing security vulnerability we provide private repositories to share sentitive information within a select group of collaborators.

Author: ```suggestion
Private repositories are not provided unless there is a significant constraint or requirement that makes it necessary. For example, when collaborating on fixing a security vulnerability we provide private repositories to allow collaborators to share sensitive information within a select group.
```
